fix links and attributes on project readme pages (#435)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: README.adoc

> :product: App Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:product: Application Services
```
For consistency, if you decided to make this change :)

:product-long-kafka: OpenShift Streams for Apache Kafka
:product-long-registry: OpenShift Service Registry

= {product} guides and samples

== {product-long-kafka} guides

> * link:./docs/kafka/getting-started-kafka[Getting started with {product-long-kafka}]

Reviewer: General comment for all the links that include attributes: I think you might want to remove the `link` keyword, or the attributes won't resolve in the URLs? (The links should still work though.)

Author: Thanks, yes wasn't sure about this one. Didn't see that behavior in the existing broken URLs. Will clean up in fresh PR if needed.

> * link:./docs/kafka/rhoas-cli-getting-started-kafka[Getting started with the `rhoas` CLI for {product-long-kafka}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:./docs/kafka/rhoas-cli-getting-started-kafka[Getting started with the rhoas CLI for {product-long-kafka}]
```
Not sure about including command formatting in a doc title?

* link:./docs/kafka/quarkus-kafka[Using Quarkus applications with Kafka instances in {product-long-kafka}]

> * link:./docs/kafka/kcat-kafka[Using Kafkacat with Kafka instances in {product-long-kafka}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:./docs/kafka/kcat-kafka[Configuring and connecting Kafkacat with {product-long-kafka}]
```

> * link:./docs/kafka/kafka-bin-scripts-kafka[Using Kafka bin scripts with {product-long-kafka}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:./docs/kafka/kafka-bin-scripts-kafka[Configuring and connecting Kafka scripts with {product-long-kafka}]
```

* link:./docs/kafka/access-mgmt-kafka[Managing account access in {product-long-kafka}]
* link:./docs/kafka/service-binding-kafka[Binding OpenShift applications to {product-long-kafka}]
* link:./docs/kafka/topic-configuration-kafka[Configuring topics in {product-long-kafka}]
* link:./docs/kafka/nodejs-kafka[Using Node.js applications with Kafka instances in {product-long-kafka}]
* link:./docs/kafka/metrics-monitoring-kafka[Monitoring metrics in {product-long-kafka}]
* link:./docs/kafka/consumer-configuration-kafka[Configuring consumer groups in {product-long-kafka}]

== {product-long-registry} guides

* link:./docs/registry/getting-started-registry/[Getting started with {product-long-registry}]
* link:./docs/registry/access-mgmt-registry[Managing account access in {product-long-registry}]

> * link:./docs/registry/rhoas-cli-registry[Getting started with the `rhoas` CLI for {product-long-registry}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:./docs/registry/rhoas-cli-registry[Getting started with the rhoas CLI for {product-long-registry}]
```
As before, not sure about using command formatting in a doc title.

> * link:./docs/registry/quarkus-registry[Using Quarkus applications with Kafka and {product-long-registry} instances]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:./docs/registry/quarkus-registry[Using Quarkus applications with Kafka instances and {product-long-registry} instances]
```

> == Common guides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Core guides
```
Maybe refer to them as Core rather than Common?

> * link:./docs/rhoas/rhoas-cli-installation[Installing and configuring the `rhoas` CLI]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:./docs/rhoas/rhoas-cli-installation[Installing and configuring the rhoas CLI]
```

== Application examples used in guides

> * link:./code-examples/quarkus-kafka-quickstart[Quarkus Kafka quick start]

Reviewer: There's another entry in the code-examples directory -- do you want to add this one too?:
* link:./code-examples/kafka-avro-schema-quickstart[Quarkus Kafka Avro Quick Start]

Author: Don't know much about that one, or how complete it is, can add a link later.

> * link:./code-examples/quarkus-service-registry-quickstart[Quarkus Kafka Service Registry quick start]

Reviewer: Does this work? I don't see a Readme.adoc in that directory?

Author: Link should work, but there is no readme yet.
